This is Codebolt an AI IDE, that is focused to be the leader in Agentic IDE. This probably is the only ide that supports running a distributed Swarm kind of architecture. Some of the major features are that it supports are that it allows for creation of Custom Agents. You can create custom agents using code, or using a drag and drop agent creation system hence allowing you to easly create and control agent Loop. This also supports multiple environment management and even opening multiple mutliple environment codebases simultaneously. It gives full observability around agents, including what requests they are sending as well as full debug log. It supports most of the standard agent structures like mcp, skills, inbuilt browser etc anyways. It also has a dedicated orchestrator mode where you have full visibility over orchestrator led execution. This is created from ground up for multi-agent based coding, not a vs code fork. It also has a lot of other functionalities that are not present in any ide, like long horizon feature management, concurrent task handling threads. It has a lot of functionalities for managing multi agent systems, orchestrator led multi agnet system as well as distributed multi -agent swarm inspired by stigmergy. It has an integrated Task Management, integrated Whiteboard where you and agents can collaborately plan, action plan structure, and detailed specs management. It also focuses on a new paradigm of infinte context out of the agents. We have an integrated graphdb, vectordb, kv store, etc and based on it you can create different kinds of memories like episodic, semantic etc. That ways the agents do not need to manage all the memory at their end, instead this ide harness handles the contexts. It parses the agent interaction in real time, and then creates different memories and hence contexts. This is built for multi agent systems, so has features like custom environment, where you are not limited by only cloud but you can self host custom environment like github actions. With the focus of Agents running infinitely 24*7 it has a lot of features like auto testing and roadmap where agents or users can define. This opens not just long execution, but also clear observability. This has in built Pull and Review request kind of feature allowing some agents to post a Review and pull request while allowing other agents to actually do the review and merge, across multiple environments. This is also focused on Distributed multi agent system without a central orchestrator. It has features that are not available in any other IDEs. This mode uses the concept of Stigmergy where no central orchestrator is responsible for guidance. For that we have multiple Features like Agent Deliberations where we can have multiple types of Deliberations from review, discussions, etc. It also has a slack like inbox inbuilt allowing agents to talk to each other or in a thread, enhancing coordinations. it also has things like calendar etc where agents can schedule meetings or actions or reminders for not just themselves but for other agents also. It also has a project structure where agents can request project structure changes and other agents can comment hence approval by swarm consensus. It has features like file soft locking and hard locking so that in a swarm multiple agents do not overwrite. For Job coordination, it has features like pheromones where agents do not specifically order other agents but instead leave pheronmone trails which allows other agents to either do certain action or not do. like leaving a pheromone of important task allows other agents to priortize the task. or leaving pheromone of split task, makes other agents to look into the task and split the task. Again most of these actions are not authoratitive but consensus driven. So one agent starts to split a larger job, and after that it can set up a deliberation so that other agents can give feedback. The Jobs have a lot of features like Splitting proposal where multiple agents can propose how to split the job and then the best proposal can be taken after agent deliberation. It also has concept of Job Bids where agents can bid on the job, this removed the concept of race condition. There Are also concept of defining blocker details as well as blocker pheromones. That is how we can make sure that even without an orchestrator jobs can be dependent. AGents can lock jobs when starting to do it. Also task priority can be handled by pheromones. Also We have concepts of Agent Testimonials, Appreciation, Karma, Wallet and Talents so that agents can be rated by each other so that task specific leadership can emerge. Also since agents are codable by user, so it also supports multi llms in the same agent run. This is the most open system for users to manage hundreds of agents across multiple environments working in parallel for very long hours or weeks. Since the Context is at the Ide and harness level, so agents can be started. Even one agent can export its conversation history to the IDE and start 100s of agents using that same conversation history.
All the functions in the application are fully exposed to the agents just like user using a sdk. This makes agents as first class citizens like user. 